# Simple-number-guessing-game

<h3 id="intro"> About the program</h3>

Here are two versions of simple number guessing game written by C and python respectively. <br />

For that written in C, open the compiled program, it prints "guess a No. Maximum guess No. is n", the n, maximum guess number is controlled by maxGuess, default is 10. 
The number to guess will be generated by using the present time as the seed. It will generate an int number between 0 to maxNumber, default is 10. To guess the number, 
type the number and press enter. If the number is correct, it prints "correct, goodbye!" then sleep for 5 seconds and returns. If not, it prints "try again. x guess 
remains" where x is the remained guess number. When x is 0, it prints "all try allowed used, byebye" sleep for 5 seconds and return.
<br /><br />


For that written in python, make sure python 3 (3.7 tested) is installed first. Then open it. It will first ask for minimum then maximum int number input respectively. 
Then it will randomly generate an int number between them and themselves. After that, the user can guess it by inputting int. If the guess is wrong, it will print "Your 
guess is too big!" or "Your guess is too small!" depending on the guessed number is smaller or bigger than the generated number respectively, then ask again for the 
input. If the guess is correct, "Well done. You got it in n tries!" will be printed, then it will sleep for 5 seconds and exit itself, where the n is the total number of 
guess tried. 

<br /><br />
Have fun!
